docs: Update release notes with note on CVE (#2911)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/releases.md

OVERVIEW:

* Support making VirtualServer resources discoverable via public DNS servers using [external-dns](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/external-dns). Examples for configuring external-dns with NGINX Ingress Controller can be found [here](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.3.0/examples/custom-resources/external-dns).

> * A vulnerability was discovered where improper input validation on the path and some annotations of an Ingress object could lead to an exploit where the secrets visable to the NGINX Ingress controller could be exposed by any authenticated user authorised to create and update Ingress objects. This vulnerability was fixed in this release. For further details, please see [CVE-2022-30535](https://support.f5.com/csp/article/K52125139).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolves [CVE-2022-30535](https://support.f5.com/csp/article/K52125139). This vulnerability impacted the visibility of secrets accessible by NGINX Ingress Controller. In some cases, secrets visible to NGINX Ingress Controller could be exposed to any authenticated user with permission to create and update Ingress objects.
```

Reviewer 2: We need the clarification that only the Ingress object was impacted by this CVE and it isn't a product wide CVE of all use cases.
I have had to provide this additional clarification internally because the CVE itself was written so broadly as to have no constraints.  And there are workarounds to the CVE (such as using the provided CRDs) that was not covered in the disclosure.
So, customers that could not upgrade do actually have an option.

Reviewer: Do we need a kbase article that describes the workaround, to point folks who can't upgrade to?

Reviewer 2: It would probably be good.  A support issue brought it to my attention.
